# Review, Research, and Discussion

1. When is Basic Authorization used vs. Bearer Authorization?

- The basis Auth allow you to access the API directly with your credential : user/password.
- It is the recommended Authentication methods whenever possible. It is ideal when scripting, when developing external app or when doing integration with external tools.

2. What does the JSON Web Token package do?

s an open standard (RFC 7519) that defines a compact and self-contained way for securely transmitting information between parties as a JSON object. This information can be verified and trusted because it is digitally signed.

3. What considerations should we make when creating and storing a SECRET?
* Never store unencrypted secrets in .git repositories. Avoid git add * commands on git. Add sensitive files in .gitignore. Don't rely on code reviews to discover secrets. ...
* Don't share your secrets unencrypted in messaging systems like slack.
* Store secrets safely.
* Restrict API access and permissions.

# Vocabulary Terms

**encryption**: is the method by which information is converted into secret code that hides the information's true meaning.

**token**: an object (in software or in hardware) which represents the right to perform some operation;
*Security token* or hardware token, authentication token or cryptographic token, a physical device for computer authentication, *Access token*, a system object representing the subject of access control operations.

**bearer**: Bearer authentication (also called token authentication) is an HTTP authentication scheme that involves security tokens called bearer tokens.The bearer token is a cryptic string, usually generated by the server in response to a login request. The client must send this token in the Authorization header when making requests to protected resources.

**secret**: is private to you which means you will never reveal that to the public or inject inside the JWT token.

**JSON Web Token**: are an open, industry standard RFC 7519 method for representing claims securely between two parties.

# Preview 

## RBAC:

is the idea of assigning system access to users based on their role in an organization. It's important to remember that not every employee needs a starring role.
- The system needs of a given workforce are analyzed, with users grouped into roles based on common job responsibilities and system access needs. Access is then assigned to each person based strictly on their role assignment.

**Benefits of RBAC?**
1. With the proper implementation of RBAC, the assignment of access rights becomes systematic and repeatable. Further, it is much easier to audit user rights, and to correct any issues identified.

2. RBAC may sound intimidating, but it can in reality be easy to implement, and will make the ongoing management of access rights much easier and more secure.

3. The data breach you prevent may be your own.

### RBAC implementation 
1. Inventory your systems
2. Analyze your workforce and create roles
3. Assign people to roles
4. Never make one-off changes
5. Audit







